god you're beautiful why are we fighting
this you know you want it to happen as
much as I do i want you i need you let
me make love to you now i want to stand
in the way of true love or anything but
i think a cantaloupe might hurt less I'm
uh I'm rehearsing my lines they give me
a big romantic story on days of our
lives it's the first time I characters
gotten when I'm so nervous you know I
really want to be good wow I'm seeing
you this worked up since you did that
dog food commercial you thought you were
gonna be with a real talking dog yeah
that was a disappointment hey you want
to come down to the set and tell me if
I'm doing okay are you serious yeah yeah
he just had the promise not to get
yourself thrown out again that was an
honest mistake right oh my god is this
the men's room I feel so foolish have
you always known you wanted to be an
actor yeah that was not some day
Oh